[IMP] accounting: updated foreign currency page (#2383)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/bank/setup/foreign_currency.rst

create a new one. Enter a :guilabel:`Journal Name` and set the :guilabel:`Type` to `Bank`. In the
:guilabel:`Journal Entries` tab, enter a **short code**, a **currency**, and then finally click on
the :guilabel:`Bank Account` field to create a new account. In the pop-up window of the account
creation, enter a name, a code (ex.: 550007), set its type to `Bank and Cash`, set a currency type,
and save. When you are back on the **journal**, click on the :guilabel:`Account Number` field, and
in the pop-up window, fill out the :guilabel:`Account Number`, :guilabel:`Bank` of your account, and
save.

.. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-journal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Example of a created bank journal.

Upon creation of the journal, Odoo automatically links the bank account to the journal. It can be
found under :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: Chart of Accounts`.

Vendor bill in a foreign currency
=================================

To pay a bill in a foreign currency, simply select the currency next to the :guilabel:`Journal`
field and register the payment. Odoo automatically posts the foreign **exchange gain or loss** in a

> journal.

Reviewer: in a journal? wouldn't it rather be "in a new journal entry"?

   :align: center
   :alt: View of the Unrealized Gains/Losses journal.

If you wish to use a different currency rate than the one set in :menuselection:`Accounting -->
Configuration --> Settings --> Currencies`, click the :guilabel:`Exchange Rates` button and change
the rate of the foreign currencies in the report.

.. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-exchange-rates.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu to manually change exchange rates.

When manually changing **exchange rates**, a yellow banner appears allowing you to reset back to
Odoo's rate. To do so, simply click on :guilabel:`Reset to Odoo's Rate`.

.. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-reset-rates.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Banner to reset back to Odoo's rates.

In order to update your **balance sheet** with the amount of the :guilabel:`adjustment` column,
click on the :guilabel:`Adjustment Entry` button. In the pop-up window, select a
:guilabel:`Journal`, :guilabel:`Expense Account` and :guilabel:`Income Account` to calculate and
process the **unrealized gains and losses**.

You can set the date of the report in the :guilabel:`Date` field. Odoo will automatically reverse

> the booking entry to the date set in :guilabel:`Reversal Date`.

Reviewer: nitpicking, but best if written in present tense.

> Once posted, the :guilabel:`adjustment` column says 0.00€.

Reviewer: Unless you are writing an example, I would avoid writing an amount with a specific currency. Especially since your screenshot is in dollars.

It could be something such as
... the adjustment column should indicate a `0` value, which means...

> Manage a bank in a foreign currency

Reviewer 2: If you don't agree with a suggestion, please say so. Here I don't know if you just missed it or you didn't agree with it.

===================================

In Odoo, every transaction is recorded in the default currency of the company. Reports are all based
on the currency of the company. For transactions occurring in another currency, Odoo stores both the
value in the currency of the company and the value in the currency of the transaction.

> When you have a bank account in a foreign currencies, for every transaction, Odoo stores two values:

Reviewer 2: This wasn't resolved.

-  The debit/credit in the currency of the company;
-  The debit/credit in the currency of the bank account.

Currency rates are updated automatically using the European Central bank web-services or other
institutions, according to your configuration.

Configuration
=============

Activate the multi-currency feature
-----------------------------------

In order to allow your company to work with multiple currencies, you need to activate the
**multi-currency** mode. In the accounting application, go into :menuselection:`Accounting -->
Configuration --> Settings --> Currencies` and make sure the :guilabel:`Allow Multi-currencies` box
is ticked. Provide a **Currency Exchange Gain / Loss** account and :guilabel:`Save`.

Configure currencies
--------------------

Once Odoo is configured to support multiple currencies, activate the currencies you plan to work
with. To do that, go into :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Currencies` or in
:guilabel:`Activate Other Currencies` that appears under :guilabel:`Multi-Currencies` once the box

> has been checked. All currencies are created by default, but only a few are active from the start.

Reviewer 2: Not adressed.

Once the currencies are activated, you can choose to **automate** the currency rate update, or leave
it on **manual**. To configure the rate update, under the same :guilabel:`Currencies` menu, check

> :guilabel:`Automatic Currency Rates` and set :guilabel:`Interval` to your desired frequency. You

Reviewer 2: Not sure you checked that comment or not.

also have the option to choose the :guilabel:`Service` you wish to obtain currency rates from.

Click on the :guilabel:`Update Now` button to update the currency rates manually.

Create a new bank account
-------------------------

In the accounting application, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Journals` and

> create a new one. Fill in the different fields, and :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 2: ?

> .. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-journal.png

Reviewer 2: Resize your browser window so elements appear tighter, then only select a part of the screen, something like this would be more readable already: https://i.imgur.com/nrsrcW5.png

   :align: center
   :alt: Example of created bank journal

Upon creation of the bank account, Odoo automatically creates an **account**, which is linked to the
created journal and which can be found under :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Chart
of Accounts`.

Vendor bill in a foreign currency
=================================

> To pay a bill in a foreign currency, simply select the currency type in the :guilabel:`Currency`
> field and register the payment. Odoo will automatically post the foreign **exchange gain or loss**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To pay a bill in a foreign currency, simply select the currency next to the :guilabel:`Journal`
field and register the payment. Odoo automatically posts the foreign **exchange gain or loss**
```
- Since there is no field named 'Currency', no guilabel. Which means we should also be more precise about it's location (although it's visible in the screenshot)
- Talking about screenshots, we usually avoid highlighting elements with red rectangles nowadays. I guess here it could be warranted since the currency field isn't named, but I would rather be more precise in your text rather than go for "Look at that screenshot!" approach.
- Shouldn't you first select a journal? The currency linked to that journal is automatically selected. Of course you change the currency if needed. I might be missing something here since I'm an accounting noob 🤷‍♂️ 
- No future 🎸 unless necessary (doesn't feel that way here)

Author: The 'vendor bill' is selected by default as it's used in most cases, the other one would be 'Expenses'. Neither fall within the journal type 'Bank' because they are not related to currencies, so the user does not need to select a journal before the currency. Not for currencies, at least.

at the reconciliation of bank statement line and the payment.

.. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-bill-currency.png
   :align: center
   :alt: How to set a bill currency.

.. note::
   Note that you can pay a foreign bill with another currency. In that case, Odoo will automatically
   convert between the two currencies.

Unrealized Currency Gains/Losses
================================

This report gives an overview of all unrealized amounts in foreign currency on your balance sheet,
and allows you to adjust an entry or manually set an exchange rate. To access this report, go to
:menuselection:`Reporting --> Unrealized Currency Gains/Losses`. From here, you have access to all
open entries in your **balance sheet**.

> .. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-gains-losses.png

Reviewer 2: [A picture is worth a thousand words](https://i.imgur.com/9ukxqHe.png)

If you wish to use a different currency rate than the one set in :menuselection:`Accounting -->
Configuration --> Settings --> Currencies`, click the :guilabel:`Exchange Rates` button and change
the rate of the foreign currencies in the report.

.. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-exchange-rates.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Menu to manually change exchange rates.

When manually changing **exchange rates**, a yellow banner appears allowing you to reset back to
Odoo's rate. To do so, simply click on :guilabel:`Reset to Odoo's Rate`.

.. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-reset-rates.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Banner to reset back to Odoo's rates.

In order to update your **balance sheet** with the amount of the :guilabel:`adjustment` column,
click on the :guilabel:`Adjustment Entry` button. In the pop-up window, select a
:guilabel:`Journal`, :guilabel:`Expense Account` and :guilabel:`Income Account` to calculate and
process the unrealized gains and losses.

You can set the date of the report in the :guilabel:`Date` field. Odoo will automatically reverse
the booking entry to the date set in :guilabel:`Reversal Date`.

Once posted, the :guilabel:`adjustment` column says 0.00€.

> .. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-adjustment.png

Author: This should give you your sight back. 3x/day for four days.

> .. image:: foreign_currency/foreign-adjustment.png

Reviewer 2: Thanks to the improved screenshots, I regained my eyesight. A mircale! 🙏
